docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/features/advanced/choose-custom-behavior.mdx

## Pros

> - Enables innovative, use-case-specific behaviors (e.g., custom rewards or opcodes) for competitive advantages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enables innovative, use-case-specific behaviors (for example, custom rewards or opcodes) for competitive advantages.
```
